About me:
I'm a math, art, data, written word &amp; photography nerd. I work as an interaction and software designer at IDEO and serve on the board of directors at AIGA Chicago. I write abbreviated tales borne of images from the public domain for a project I call 'Restored Stories,' and I once made omelets for IDEO's entire Chicago studio.

IDEO
April, 2010 — Present
i work as an interaction designer, developer and prototyper at IDEO chicago. my focus is on emerging technologies in the digital space. i once made omelets for our entire studio.

Central Standard Timing
July 16, 2012 — Present
i am the digital lead at central standard timing, makers of the CST-01, the world’s thinnest watch.
the project was originally launched on kickstarter. (if you happened to support our campaign, thanks!!!)

Mentoring Luis
September, 2011 — June 2012
for the better part of a year i mentored luis, a 13-year old i first met and worked with through the spark program. i taught luis game design, illustration and javascript, and he ensured i had more homework than i could ever handle as he knocked out any and all lessons as quickly as i could prepare them. luis and i created a concept for a mobile game with a ridiculous name. you can read about our efforts on chicago’s ‘one good deed’ blog here.
http://sparkprogram.org/
http://onegooddeedchicago.wordpress.com/2011/12/07/show-us-your-good-spicy-squid-and-the-saltwader-syndicate/


NATO Summit 2012
May 20, 2012
may 20 & 21, 2012, chicago played host to the NATO summit, the first ever held in the united states outside of washington, d.c. tensions ran high as not all chicagoans welcomed the presence of many controversial heads of state and government, both domestic and otherwise. these photos were captured sunday, may 20th, during an anti-NATO rally on chicago’s near south side.

‘Downcast Eyes’ Animated GIF
March 20, 2012
‘downcast eyes’ was a show at chicago’s museum of contemporary art which invited artists to “…present an amalgam of animated GIFs—the only restriction being that everyone’s work be on display only as long as their computer’s battery lasts”.

i teamed up with my friend and associate, adam geremia, to produce a number of fluid dynamics studies. this is a 720p, downscaled version of the final edit used to produce a :30, 1080p animated GIF. the original, 480MB .gif file can be downloaded here.
http://misterburton.com/local/DowncastEyes/
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/47633364/MCA1080/inky1080p.gif

OS Comprehension
Polar Timeline
January, 2011
polar timeline of operating system comprehension i designed as part of an infographic résumé for my brother.
http://www.misterburton.com/local/polar/

IDEO New Hire Presentation
November 8, 2010
visual component of the new hire presentation i gave at IDEO in the fall of 2010. the themes i mashed up were travel, photography, design, and API hacking.

Anti Cruelty
i taught a dabble class on rapid, responsive design & development from which all proceeds were donated to Chicago’s Anti-Cruelty Society. with the recipient of the donation in mind I chose, for the subject matter, that we re-imagine the Anti-Cruelty Society site as a modern and responsive one.

note: this concept has only been tested on modern browsers.
https://dabble.co/